**Reflection on feedbacks**

During the feedback session, our reviewer had no problem navigating through our app even without explanation from us. I felt that this was a good sign that the  functionality of our app was self-explanatory to the users. On the other hand, all of our reviewers gave critical feedbacks on our visualization. One of the common themes from the reviewers was inconsistency. There were some details that we glossed over during the previous milestone. These included the change of color for each crime type when new selections were made, and the order of the stacked bar plot not matching with the time plot. Another common theme was the readability of labels. We had many labels that were not capitalized and had underscores separating words instead of spaces. These details hindered the users readability and lowered the aesthetic of the app. We felt that all of the feedbacks were reasonable and we would be able to implement changes regarding all of these feedbacks.  One of the feedback that we were not able to act on was investigating the warning messages that appeared when the app was loading. This technical problem was not in our expertise, in order to solve this problem we would require more time to search for the solution. We felt that all of the feedbacks were really helpful.

 The "fly-on-the-wall" exercise was very interesting and useful. We felt that it was a very true representation of the true user experience as most users would use the app without instructions or descriptions from the developers. It was a good exercise to observe whether the users could use the app as we intended and to find out unclear parts of the app. One of the most important concept that we learned from this exercise was that often it was the minor details that hinder usability and users experience. As designers, we often paid too much attention to the technical details and less attention to the aesthetic details. However, often users frustrations were added up from these neglected details.

 Overall, we had received very good feedbacks on the functionality of our app. All of the components that we implemented were regarded as valuable and useful. These feedbacks would be able to help us enhance user experiences even more. We implemented factor-reordering to ensure the order of our stacked bar plot corresponded to the time plot. Then we also hard coded the color representation of each crime type to ensure consistency between different selections. Lastly, we cleaned the labels of the graph and added emphasis to the plot titles. Fundamentally, the objective of our app did not change, but we believe that the design of our app had gotten better through the feedbacks from our peers and from our Teaching Assistant.

Feedbacks received can be reached through the following links :
1. [Feedback1](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/Crime_Busters/issues/35)
2. [Feedback2](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/Crime_Busters/issues/30)
3. [Feedback3](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/Crime_Busters/issues/29)
